it has no noise we will not say so it is because they walk in a guarujá sound 9 de
january 2020 19 hours to everyone next to me that renata fan of são paulo
I am the body is going to have a problem and we are here to make sure
starts here thank the lawyer who tweet governments our beginning
January is to spend the end of the year in Brasilia at 300 million reais for
works is the winner at the head of the minor cenam because the championship is not it
is to see your work you deserve the governor admitted a news
São Paulo since yesterday it would privatize the ports of santos are
sebastião this year the governor most voted to disinform does not mean
that you suddenly came back to accuse leaving but you are completely
informing allowed them that information about it in the one who can speak for
less am I didn't leave the truth we worked the state helped the police to
get to where the Flemish put pressure on us
we recently visited the codeba and our visit is very successful.
here we can certainly have news in the port of santos too
with this visit is monday please who talks about federal works of
actions is the emotional
- I was better and today the world’s opinion of the globe was reaching the newspaper and
safety we come to a new tire and it is not a
the singer says it’s not conceivable the organism put pressure on the
ring ring is not a sovereign organ they are autonomous they are independent but not
about inheritance is my opinion okay I have every right in the world
work so that dell does not tax the energy produced by lightning
solar and period I talked with rodrigo maia I talked
with the day with the name we are on the same team so the ring retreats but if we here
rodrigo maia said that he was right to urgently put a project
not to tax solar energy and obviously I was not going to veto the agency lost the globe
that now that the agency has more power than the republic's plan and the congress
national so don't give a newspaper the globe can invent
another the other play and play the pressure to
up and not worth and even more you from the globe here I am
working so that the ethanol produced in the plants can be sold directly
for gas stations remove the monopoly from the middle of the road
dora turn a truck takes the ethanol produced at the plant walks 200 300 km to
take this distributor around 300 that will not deliver the
ethanol on the side of the plant, we can avoid walking 500 with
accent 600 km only this truck delivers on the side the ethanol will arrive cheaper
at the end of the line 20 cents is little is but it is one thing doing my part is
what I can do now that I intend to make the newspaper the globe is to do
with the icms to be charged for the price of fuel at the refinery and not at the end
at the gas pump in the front, which means that every time there is
any readjustment down here readjust very badly at the end of the line
nowadays the average icms 30% of the pump price we are going to round the numbers
here the Gazeta r $ 2 is owned by the gas station in
refinery in ceara would end $ 5 at the pump
governors as a rule apply icms which on average 30% at the end of line 1 50
then that of the after that will sell 4 80 will be penalized twice that he
will pay the icms on top of a value that did not practice what I intend to do
I know if I can get it to cover the percentage that is cute
the state's attribution is mine but it charges over the price of the refinery at the price
final and if we manage to make the delivery
direct influence of ethanol also influences the price of gasoline because
gasoline 1 6 gasoline has a percentage of a day said i'm doing
mine can now the press, no more to see that it is not enough lies and
disrupted the globe stops disrupting Brazil is disrupting Brazil with
these lies the agency repeat has no more power than
that the president of the republic i legislative power together does not have and can have
sure good new news right along with rodrigo maia ow with 99
we will lightly announce it is for everyone that I have talked to them will
arrive we are arriving at a great deal
to really streamline some guidelines like for example in the question will
back on the agenda here the question of changing the heart of traffic
I've been talking to rodrigo maia tasso draw with that he has his problems
in the chamber because the chamber commander is not the president and has pressure on
on top of it also the idea if everything goes well and withdraws from the project even though I
I presented about the traffic coordinator and individually present a
project just to deal with the validity of the license the driver five to ten years
and full stop and then the congress decided whether or not it was favorable
the rapporteur regrettably thinks that the validity goes to 10 years until 45 of
age who is 46 is already old
that's the opinion of the rapporteur is the deputy side of maranhão
and we think it’s not as old as 65 from 65 years old and every five years
depending on me i would hit 75 and another one that killed paul da via as his part
boot up to 75 years old, I'm 64, 65 here in two months
okay i think i'm still young and we can move on to 75
then he faces another project to serve there, the professionals are on the street
is the taxi rank of uber is the van is by bus and the truck pass 20
for 40 points to lose your wallet because of the amount of fixed radars
and furniture that the poor rally driver in Brazil has with a
bastard and loses quickly and quickly reaches 20 points and often
he drove with an expired license and passes by is committing another crime
so the citizen who has a family who needs the wheel right to work
ends up being prevented from working this guy is going to do what catches you here i'm
here guarujá picks up the Santos once without a good gps and connected with who
the satellite to point out has yesterday where there is radar including the radar hidden in the
hidden bush help asking for justice asking for justice work
also comes to me is this cesar bumbling radar and it helps to have more
accident even though the driver is concerned about the track with his
sinuosity he is worried in the ravine he is seeing that one is so weak
that there is someone there that will change then other good news that I have for
ahead as we had a today congratulate the day play federal supreme court
congratulate andré mendonça our attorney general of the union
the historic day of an injunction against the dpvat given that senator does not speak
thin heater that speaks fine send a fault that entered dpvat account
obviously the injunction exists for that, the data doesn’t also need worldwide
gave an injunction, the mendonça minister entered the circuit with his team
is on duty at the appealed together the minister gave luck to the sun
recognized that he could learn here in the hairstyle by andré mendonça and so it was
done dpvat returned the reasonable value is very low
because insurance and if you have billions to collect billions guarani needs to have a
so high value the lowest value a little bit
those people who didn’t like it considered bad to lose and lose will not have more
party in dpvat is to become a common mecha of fraud in dpvat there
what we want to actually do away with dpvat want to make insurance for your
private vehicle what the farm don't do sky so days
toffees congratulations to her who reconsidered the decision regarding the preliminary injunction in the case of
private congratulations andré mendonça oh my minister terribly gospel
and let's play the boat and other good news god willing we will have lots of
others throughout the current year because it is back now this recess here for me
I'm taking a week off here in Brasilia Aquino in São Paulo
Paulo this taking into account two weekend
best of the period three working days of the year with an excellent offer for me I will return
with all the legislative executive gas playing together we meet the
demands that these people are so need the newspaper the globe
it doesn't hurt he says here the correction of the taxation of the sun
look this is a great big news to the northeast even a plague goat
that the girl, then a goat of the plague that so much fernando ferrari is still in
pernambuco do not know there is a lot of difference is not
better pernambuco will be better then the inter osama there what will you say then
whoever wants to invest in solar energy in that region is an opportunity and if
you invest in solar energy you sell to whoever you want using
your physical means if you want to use other wire means that that is there
in the matter of followers do you go to an agreement now if you want solar energy
to your home to go to the farm the company actor whatever your
neighbor and that is you who decides to have no stripe when you talk about fee until
60% and the globe defended the newspaper taxation here for heaven's sake
continuing here i think the issue of iran is following
I am in line with Article 4 of the convention that ours we have given is
we govern ourselves, right, in terms of international relations in defense of peace
and in the repudiation of terrorism speak no more
Okay and this morning I posted a story on
facebook an image a story 2009 2009 year squid embraced ahmadinejad do
iran and 110 the poster boy for iran so that the month and country develops the
its uranium enrichment technology second and second squid for
peaceful purposes that time knows that the head of that state said he would
sweep israel from the map the neighboring state there so squid was there being a boy
marina advertising as head of the emerging nation so that it did not recognize
uranium at your leisure access some in the comment saying that the
Brazil also develops energy, it could also develop, but here we are
we are there after all we are there we have an agreement with the international agency
atomic energy we are inspected and we don't even dream
in developing enrich uranium so that it can be used for a one
nuclear artifact has a very big difference in Brazil to other countries that
so they seek nuclear energy but for purposes of which they could warlike then the
Brazil is calm about this issue and nobody will want to criticize because I'm
defending peace and repudiation of terrorism in accordance with article 4 of
constitution dear marcos mion is laborious but not
run model with marvel is to have an autistic child and is a person who comes
working for some time for people who are autistic
it became a reference a few weeks ago the times is it was the work
we triggered a law so that in the
near dbg census had a face destined to register the autistic ones
in Brazil it's okay congratulations a final and now
is we work where a law is that law is now called romeu romeu
mion duly authorized by the father max me on is that it creates a portfolio of
free identification of the person with autism spectrum disorder ensures
some priorities such as education and social assistance
so congratulations to first lady michelle’s online marketing and her daughters were
no longer can michelle and I'm not crazy neurology to see michel
work I also talked to her where about the sanction of the project is how we are
it is not the fact that recess would be good if you had done a special event in the
palace but it was not possible to do it when it ends here from the 15th
I'm not mistaken, everyone goes back to work in the executive branch
an event called Marcos Mion invited us to announce more widely the
your ID card there by a person with spectrum disorder
autistic
[Music] continuing
now i will talk more deeply no i will have to select 90 already gave a
explanation under last year's law of
according to article 85 of the song I got it from a lot of people
now I explained again taking into account beyond the impeachment is from 1950 ok
very clear there its hinder ô ô ô ô attempt against the free exercise of
elections it is very clear that you do not want to understand continues talking veto affects me
threatening does not come back but even then this photo will not vote for me and if
perhaps a sensational deep patience
who sets the fund from some state parliamentarians we do not speak to
two deputies here a fluffy deputy from são paulo
the deputy also kinda neither the japanese in são paulo there speaking a lie right
that the law is none of that touching pitt is fine
clear there very clear explain again is is that thing will wear out in this criticize
it’s easier that kind of people wear it out doing good things I think
there is the first one would be thinner and the second one would be half - pitoco to be
shame but okay i'm going to touch the let's touch the boat there is because lying now
I think he lied to the water, the fundão is there who defined the fundão was
a law of the year 2017 when the deputy here from the ribeira valley
the deputy ubaldo ribeiro who samuel moreira until he made a neighbor there so as not to
it took me so badly quitte pas the woman criticizing me in the valley of the ribeira
I'm here next door to the Brazilian saying that what defined the 2 billion
it was not I said 2007 included you tomorrow voted for it to be
major fundão soon after they try to love you you the woman theme of the quarterback
used a million reais from the fundão in 2018 I will not attack I do not want to attack
nobody here but I have to say that the guy stays there lying to my
respect to someone's mandate, right, no glue, no use with glue and one day the
uol leaf website that the national last week said that I spoke is a wave in
personal internet asking, right, there's going to be a job not to vote for who uses the
fundão I didn't take it and I said that there is a good idea or said that I used the fundão
in 2018 in 2014 I used founded in 14 the uol
sheet the fundão and 17 on the same line as the globe here stop lying because it gets bad
I am ashamed and I even said here ashamed
then it will be in the newspapers tomorrow it is bolsonaro attacks the press again
i'm attacking the press have to be quiet talking nonsense
lying about being quiet and the gossip also used 100 thousand reais from the bottom of the
fundão and 2018 in 2002 already had rhodolfo são paulo
the founding regulatory standards we don't have some 30 or so norms
regulators I made a matter I put is is the economy but
did not forget the deputy of rio grande do norte the romarinho rogério
marine is doing an exceptional job of the sea doing a
liposuction of these regulatory standards only for the bathroom had
41 items so that the owner of one of a company that has a collective bathroom he
was fined up to the height of the sink 71 cents below so a fine on the guy
door width boxing poet amount 48 will be mounted passed the court
people complained, right, I'm screwed, the Portuguese worker
want to screw look over that whole time there are more than three thousand items to be
fined we remain record holder of accidents
of work so we are is now disciplining leaving a job
wonderful northern marine rogério in that sense has four this is going to change
in the bath now with 41 more certain is the moza of a relative has an interior in the
matopiba region maranhão tocantins piauí and bahia
the people there cutting carnauba leaf 4545 the temperature got to mount were
passed to mount a poor thing there will be a thousand fine
one of the struggles in a country cafe at the end of the year to have used a side of the wild
the matopiba to rise and I won waking up it was up to each one
took another 10 fine one of the fines were there was no chemical toilet look just the
face the guy from this and from the bar a palm tree from that 10 meters 45 degrees
he will have to walk without a nef was what he was looking at bruno do flamengo
mourning he closes the door at 80 degrees and a microwave to pee is suitable
this is appropriate they want to assemble because of that they have a shirt at the same table
they also make a meal that she put there four highlights on the floor and see she put there
motor paper there is no table was not inadequate to
same fine teacher on the guy who had no point book
the staff was cutting it was scaled even hurt whole number is 45 degrees
the guy on a rig stays sweating in the shade
Missing point book is very expensive but it is one thing it doesn’t you know people don’t
it can't be produced in brazil so i talked by phone the year
past the guy who asked 'why was the deputy deputy do I have to
work two years to pay this fine and everyone gets there in a car
armored with air conditioning to set the guys up like that
getting printed financing the fine in ten years so you can't work in
Brazil people have days when I'm screwed
unemployed worker a micah blow that will not cut but it was
carnauba there will not cut more because the guy there the plan gives more does not want to be
patron one more i will apply the money somewhere very
difficult to apply now that the selic rate goes up 4 and 6 percent we don't have to
make life easier for those of the bosses will give jobs
if you end up with the bosses they don't have a job and they have a race they are the ones
always right to him the worker's account he iron
worked helps the boss it is easier to defend the worker to have more vote and
often the 8th biennial as an irrigation even for the worker but to be that boss
special union guy is going to be a boss peace is to see how hard it is to be
patron of life and having hit that indication ahead
we didn't show up but there is something else I'm taking the boss is has that
fine on the wheel the 50% fine the dismissal without cause the paper when you send
although who is not out of malice put it because it is not producing anymore it is
having damage in evil or that putting a better king putting someone better than
that guy who was working more than in the last 50% fine of the fund
guarantee for unfair dismissal we went to 40 is not that passed
for 40 the 10% will stay with me executive the German and there are people complaining
who is complaining will be boss knew how soft and tying it is good to be
boss in brazil the little woman who drew in brazil so they had 10 per
cent to take the burden off is what we can do to help whoever
undertakes, right, to help the bosses, businessmen in Brazil and another thing that
there has to be actually a boss and employee
playing a lot that if the company is going well it's in the face that there will be some
good thing for those who are employed as well but that's ok now I'm just going to leave the
curiosity here, right, this fine of dismissals without
just cause that in brazil 50% went to 40
I don’t know how many in Argentina were increased, because it was a move
according to the new president of argentina to avoid resignation
well obviously the boss working now on firing is going to have to sell the
car the chicken the mother-in-law parrot the house to pay a fine so no will not will not
dismiss on the other hand also will not catch
the only good thing in argentina sooner or later will start to
argentinian businesswoman open her business there in the other place the show there in rio
great southern another sure will end up happening
here three sessions of chasing boss doesn’t work out what the trend is to follow
boss only in socialist regimes where everything is the state in venezuela everything already
I was now in Cuba all over the state for lack of living a wonder goes there in
venezuela for you to contact the minimum wage how much is
that there is retirement and labor rights there is nothing else
take the dog words and will leave the dog there so that it is done the
union dog cat barbecue gets the ball touches the boat and recipe
federal congratulations the federal revenue is in front or josé tostes grandson
did he get the recipe already walking it was there the cintra marcos
but he learned a little more 54 tons of cocaine at the nagoya last year
it’s a good competition good the federal police don’t see who undertakes more there ok
the amount seized by the revenue exceeds 80% learned learned in 2018
is ending but one thing here the collection of hotels here hospitality
Brazil is an exceptional place for tourism is missing and so are you
sculptor is stimulated, for example, noah psb and randy fenoli aa
park concession was given and the concession was granted in 2012 will
by 2025 you will be this boring naked field
are going to take your scalp phenomenon don't take care call before on the beach can't
to do can do that is fine for everything that is on the side read a paradise of a
of the people who decided to do it took for themselves it was the ninth final is you have doing
wrong okay just get in touch with the minister tourism got in touch
with ricardo salles environment or with gilson that embratur tell us the conditions
where I belonged I disclose what is right tocantins
noronha is that I be look just look I didn't have a tower there
wind energy one day a guy from the icm-bio stopped by
saw dead bird in the same commotion is a dead bird that was that week
slowly the state bird being reviews the
hit died well no more tact and they stopped now energy is now another
technique even look just believe me if you want to whoever you want there’s one
oil power generator that charges the battery of electric cars does not
understood this way brazil has been talking and carlos ayres new concessions ends with
the game makes you want to join a flying woman
on the island but we cannot do that there will honor the commitments made
by dilma in 2012 the same company that manages in the morning
as a girl and also to the Redeemer Christ, he also manages the mouth of the
iguaçu a harry mine and there in the redemptive christ in the river there is also a
serious problem and it is a serious problem so when tourism is exploited in this way
way for the group to get along there is no tourism here the advancement of Brazil is
being done because it took the four countries united states importance
australia helps there canada and japan and for them there is no need to give reciprocity
of view can come here without any strength we cannot speak are you talking to
this scoundrel our house there is no desire here to stay here now
many Brazilians are not all but you can take advantage of a situation like this
so there is no reciprocity at sea so it’s valid for us
I'm going to India now, at the end of the month, wait and maybe even be able to exempt
also for some indians is brazil are doing the same with regard to the
china we put tourism to work here in brazil so look at the
occupation of the hotel now in the month of December and if we were an example for
december bahia lagoons 95 percent of occupied rooms
rio grande do norte and pernambuco 90% occupied did not have
January's annual pass illusions January's 98% occupancy rate sold
all right on the other Monday a new record
we pass the proposal of do here in brazil more than 500 thousand people 46 in
transatlantic reached the river in the next ten days 46 3 to 3 we have not
this is a pity that we have a terrible governor of horrible january
in every way that it could really is a special treatment of
security kant these people here but if even the people are going to the
our january january everyone is this and atlante is 25% higher compared to 2009
it was in January a little more than a thousand international flights are scheduled for
week brazil is walking folks walking next tuesday is we have the
first meeting of ministers in Brasilia where the staff will arrive with the
recharged battery we also if someone arrives with the battery
charged and recharges on time and and we will continue with the same intensity to
help brazil really get out of the complicated situation that is still
finds for the good of all of us i see the right is that it speaks of a job
or mutuá is an uninformed person here in the last
year is still missing December right but
we will surpass a little 1 million new jobs created last year
and we intend it is not easy to continue on the same beat continue on the same beat
we have to de-bureaucratize to deregulate lack of reform
legislative reform is still lacking is taxing the
as i'm talking about here is a would be nice if the fuel icms were
buy was paid taking into account the sold there
there at the refinery and not at the pump today on average 30%
if you were charged down there and I pass you to 100% the governors law only
to 100% cms it’s up to you to continue charging the israel bomb now
this is a crime with the consumer who has been putting my account
this high price of gasoline fuel ok I think that the year 2010 in
[ __ ] you reached 3 in the end 3 50 was a good size is reaching 50
is more and we will share the responsibility
it is as if a cockroach helps to transport everything cheaper in Brazil the freight has dropped
price says the price drop you help everybody we're going to do the opposite
instead of increasing strength or decreasing that what the economy running the most is
wins but at the end of the line now it's not easy
I want to thank that the people who are collaborating with the creation of the new
party to the alliance for brazil
the interested person not here helping us has to recognize the paid firm at the registry office
about five reais and some cases they have to send me to run here
so short there, after all, you didn't like it, you almost got a scratch off the file
it weighs a lot for those who are on the tip of the tongue to thank you for your support
collaboration for we make a new party to dispute the elections of Sunday 22
a party of ours from brazil has this statute already has it tidy lets it go well
of course, even if the new party or alliance is sanctioned in 2022
created by brazil will not have party fund
the people who are keeping an eye on the personal partisan background of the duo a page from
my party fought over the fund
whoever uses the fund also two that the one from the fund 2 will be complicated
be accountable every 15 days and more and more social media are there
guy is a candidate in any state there right from psl nothing against the partner no longer
do not want to talk about how iceland takes care of their lives is more to use the fund to
doing santina is going to backfire you’re going to lose the fundão there
was born was not born without anyone complaining about misery in love with the media
supported even because it would not be able to have from that moment the fund
and hence the public money to finance the electoral campaign does not
I think this is not the case in my case, do not elect from the republic with no fund, none of the
four minutes and we collected it was the result of donations via a large part of the
people from the midwestern countryside mato grosso do sul goiás são paulo also the
four million and used only two still left two parties the party still
generates confusion a whole part of the bottom gold party
they said that what they were generating founded their apartment here when you can't
compare with 8 thousand a month although it is not to make a mistake the pen does not
you can see here where the bridge here the source name and the barreiro bridge are
vicente the deputy deputy here from psb who
called us worth to worth I saw on social media her flexion is
concerned with traffic concerned with traffic is a problem for 150 thousand
people a day I knew nobody to put her
for what i could do we called minister carlos britto da
mr i called the mayor the environment
eloped name excuse the mayor eloped name here but will meet for this
day if god wants and the contract will be signed tomorrow I will not make this is
because I don’t think it’s convenient for the white stone to sign this contract
the state company together will be all right congratulations to rosane is worth the mayor is that
really interested in finding a solution for this bridge here in china
aquino here in são vicente was worth 57 thousand reais also has the highest score
also that the budget and exchange of castor beans and the golden and silver lion's den
potato batatal region where else for it to beet up in Brazil all over
I'm saying that I'm here on the side here of the value of the Ribeira valley and go
help a lot the local economy that the poorest region of the river was in are
Paulo will release whose economy is basically banana
I would very much like to discuss matters that I think the riverside deserved more
a dam in the region of per year maybe in the next even to avoid the large
floods that exist between 22 and 31 in the region of warri surety actor ending with
the seven-bar banana from the golden record is and who knows up front in the
future we can solve this matter there for the girl to minimize the
suffering that the play thought all over here on the side affirms a personal thing
already in effect here the overdraft fee the overdraft fee is not
no I'm a deputy I was not a deputy for what I trained with the lieutenant captain
of the army that I joined on average 13% went to 8 and seize the moment
here, right, because it went from 13 to 8 that the savings bank put five then Pedro
andré is to be congratulated if not for that
the initiative would continue 13 14 until it increases, then the box
paying customers paying there almost 500 thousand children a month
and if you break it now go to the box the box is in the front but it will not
over there also thinking that I would be in debt if I said I needed 5% a month to attack
utah pedro told me he is studying the
see if this percentage decreases and these 5 people go to the court is 46
selic does not spend four and a half is a burden because it is through this business a year
a barbarity to the cashier everyone there, look at these banks or go out to the cashier
unless the banks follow the example of the cashier the new one is not all right if
otherwise pedro will kill the other helton pedro exterminator banks
banks with these numbers that is presenting
the overdraft and other loans also own home is sure the best
possible in the box containing personal clothes
here is the next winner
watching fans think it is expensive that this definition and more congratulations goiás
Happy birthday
in Brazil
if a success we will see who is going to send a party I am not to have
doubt is right that you only have to have a commander who is me
the placement of phones, I'm sure we make 100 deputies
federal and 22 and 22 will have a vacancy just do not know
is to add with some others part has a good part of the good weather the parliamentarians come
to add with us, good for us
the brigadier